1. How do I start the applet from the command line?

Change to the bubblemon directory and do the following:

$ ./configure
$ make
$ src/bubblemon_applet --activate-goad-server=bubblemon_applet


2. Performance sucks.  What should I do?

To give you some frame of reference of what kind of performance to
expect; on my 400MHz PII system I have never seen the bubblemon go
over 1.5% CPU utilization (according to 'top').

See the file PROFILING for instructions on finding out where your
cycles go.  Then, either fix it yourself and send me
(d92-jwa@nada.kth.se) a patch, or send me a bug report containing the
output of the commands recommended in PROFILING.

Note also that two users have reported a CPU utilization of over 30%
for a system similar to mine.  In both of the cases, the profiling
said that only 0-2% of the CPU was used by my code.  This means that
cycles are disappearing outside of my code.  I know for a fact that
at least one of these people was running an old GNOME version, and
that *might* be the problem.  If you are experiencing very high CPU
usage caused by my applet, please e-mail me (d92-jwa@nada.kth.se)
which GNOME version you are running.  If you're unsure, tell me
instead what Linux distribution you are using.


3. The program doesn't do anything; it doesn't even crash!

Try running it from the command line, and see if you get an error
message.  Do the follwing from the bubblemon directory:

$ ./configure
$ make
$ src/bubblemon_applet --activate-goad-server=bubblemon_applet


4. Isn't the applet supposed to have a tooltip?  Where is it?

Yes it is and the code is there for it.  See the README file under the
TODO section for more info.


5. The program crashes.  What should I do?

Either fix it yourself and send me (d92-jwa@nada.kth.se) a patch, or
send me a bug report.  The bug report should contain the result of
changing directory into the bubblemon directory and doing the
following:

$ ./configure
$ make
$ cd src
$ gdb bubblemon_applet
(gdb) run --activate-goad-server=bubblemon_applet
<SEGFAULT>
(gdb) info stack


6. I have another question/problem.  What should I do?

E-mail me at d92-jwa@nada.kth.se and ask ahead.
